Java: Draft Bypassing (#2184)
cap-js/docs: java/fiori-drafts.md

These events have the same semantics as described in section [Handling CRUD events](./cqn-services/application-services#crudevents).

::: warning

> Bypassing draft is not supported for entities with a draft version, as the update would be lost when the draft is activated.

Reviewer: I would mention the draft lock explicitly. "Not supported" sounds wrong, as it always implies that there is missing functionality. Maybe rather something like:

```suggestion
Updating the active entity directly is not bypassing the [Draft Lock](#draft-lock). This means that updating the active entity is not allowed, as long as a draft exists. The reason for this is that any such updates would be lost when the draft is saved.
```
